trading setup and I used it to make 14
grand this morning. First to go to ES
futures, go on the 15-minute time frame
to mark out the first 15-minute candle
from 8 to 8:15 a.m. Eastern Standard
Time. Mark out the entire candle and
make sure that you have this midpoint
checked so you can see if price is
respecting this zone on the higher time
frames. This morning, price was
beautifully respecting this zone. So,
what we do is we wait for price to break
out either to the upside or to the
downside. direction that breaks out is
the direction that we're targeting. So,
it broke out to the upside today. We are
looking for longs. When we get a retest
of this zone, I entered specifically on
this candle right there. I was able to
catch 33 points making me 14 grand.
Guys, when you see strategies like this,
these are so mechanical that you can
easily translate into code and test if
it's actually profitable. And let's say
you see that it is at that point you can
automate the execution and you can stop
taking the rectangular tool marking the
area and just having the strategy making
yourself money in code back test
automate.